Renee Louise Stanley
08.03.2023

Readings: Workstation Deployment SOP

Below you will find some reading materials and some additional resources that support today’s topic and the upcoming lecture.
Review the Submission Instructions for guidance on completing and submitting this assignment.
Reading
So, You Want to Write an SOP?


1. What is a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), and why is it important for an organization?
A Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) organization-specific procedure that describes the activities necessary to complete a particular task.


2. What are the three types of documents that should be included in an SOP manual? Briefly describe each type.
Policy - Provides broad, general guidance.
SOP - States what needs to be done, when to do it, and why it’s being done.
Work Instructions - Step-by-step instructions for accomplishing a particular task.


3. Why are SOPs considered a primary way to implement or enforce policies in an organization? 
It is a documented set of guidelines, so they are actionable and enforceable. Documents like SOPs encourage consistency. Them’s the rules.


4. What does the author emphasize regarding the audience when writing SOPs, and why is it essential to consider them?
You are writing a set of rules/guidelines for the workers and employees of an organization. You’ll need to consider who these people are, and what style of writing or presentation will be most appropriate.


5. Imagine you are a part of a multicultural team responsible for following an SOP. How would you address potential misunderstandings or differing interpretations of the procedure due to cultural differences? Propose strategies to foster effective cross-cultural communication.


If I felt like I had a good understanding of the SOP, I would try to explain it to anyone who might be confused about it. 
I am very open minded and also patient to try and teach things to other people, and I feel like I am fairly adept at explaining things without using many words (lots of foreign travel with music)
Most importantly to moderate and be sure that people are treating each other with respect. I have no tolerance for -ists and -isms or any other sort of unnecessary disrespect.


